Create e2e notebook for NeMo data flywheel (#442)
NVIDIA/k8s-nim-operator: test/e2e/jupyter-notebook/README.md

# nemo-data-flywheel-tutorials

Tutorials for NeMo Microservices (MS) Data Flywheel, which includes examples for using the NeMo MS Data Store, Entity Store, Customizer, Evaluator, Guardrails, and NVIDIA NIMs.

## Prerequisites

> 1. Deploy NeMo Microservices, NIM operator, NEMO operator. Create the NIM pipeline and NemO customizer as it's defined in `manifests/llama3-1b-pipeline.yaml` and `manifests/apps_v1alpha1_nemocustomizer.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the NIM operator and NeMo Training Operator. Create CRs for requried NeMo Microservices and the NIM pipeline using the manifests from `manifests` folder.
```

> ## 1. Configure Ingress

Reviewer: Both Jupyter pod setup and Ingress setup can be moved to Ansible.

Author: Ya, we can change the README in the Ansible setup PR
